#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cfgrib
    #   eccodes
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
cachecontrol==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eccodes
cfgrib==0.9.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cleo==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cfgrib
    #   cookiecutter
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   ipython
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
crashtest==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cleo
cython==0.29.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gensim
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
distlib==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dulwich==0.21.5
    # via -r requirements.in
eccodes==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cfgrib
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.110.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
findlibs==0.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eccodes
frozendict==2.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
fst-pso==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyfume
fuzzytm==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gensim
gensim==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h5py==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   quandl
installer==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
miniful==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fst-pso
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   quandl
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
multitasking==0.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
numpy==2.1.2
    # via
    #   cfgrib
    #   eccodes
    #   fst-pso
    #   fuzzytm
    #   gensim
    #   h5py
    #   miniful
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pyfume
    #   quandl
    #   scipy
    #   simpful
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fuzzytm
    #   quandl
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pyfume==0.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fuzzytm
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   quandl
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
pytz==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
#pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
pyzmq==26.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
quandl==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rapidfuzz==2.15.2
    # via cleo
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   cookiecutter
    #   quandl
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   simpful
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rich==13.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   referencing
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   fuzzytm
    #   gensim
    #   miniful
    #   pyfume
    #   simpful
shellingham==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
simpful==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyfume
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   quandl
    #   whisper
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gensim
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
trove-classifiers==2023.8.7
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dulwich
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html5lib
whisper==1.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
